VI - DAMAGED GOODS
(HEAVY FOOTSTEPS)
- SOLDIER: Hey! (KICKS THE CAGE)
Wakey, wakey.
Better eat something.
You're lucky, you know.
Your everyday corpse robber
usually gets a sword in the belly.
No questions asked.
But, me...
I've got an eye for that fancy jewellery.
And you're lucky I like gold
better than blood. Lady de Rune.
- AMICIA: Where is my brother?
- SOLDIER: Shut up!
The better you look,
the higher the ransom.
Might've bruised the goods
a bit too much already.
- AMICIA: The ransom? Who's paying it?
- SOLDIER: Alright, you'll see soon enough.
You're not in your château anymore
so cork it, alright?
- AMICIA: Mangy dog.
(CROWS CAW)
(LOCK PICKING SOUND)
Who are you?
- MÉLIE: Mélie.
The other one is Arthur.
- AMICIA: This is all your fault.
Where is my brother?
- MÉLIE: Hey.
Keep your voice down.
- AMICIA: Those dogs took my sling.
- MÉLIE: You don't need it.
The cart. Arthur will make him move.
- AMICIA: What? How?
- MÉLIE: A distraction.
He's waiting for us to tell him where
and what so keep your eyes open.
- AMICIA: The cart.
- MÉLIE: That'll do the trick.
Get ready.
- AMICIA: For what?
- MÉLIE: To follow me.
- AMICIA: So he's your brother?
- MÉLIE: Come on.
- SOLDIER 1: We got an idea
how many deaths on our side?
- SOLDIER 2: It's hard to say.
Thousands for sure.
But the rats make counting difficult.
- AMICIA: Hugo is alone with those butchers.
- MÉLIE: They won't hurt him.
- AMICIA: You don't understand.
If he's afraid...
- MÉLIE: You have to be patient.
(DISTANT CHATTER)
We have to clear the way.
- AMICIA: The barrel with the spears.
- MÉLIE: Well done.
Get ready to go.
- MÉLIE: Good job, Arthur.
Let's go.
Watch out for the bottles.
Be careful.
Stay down.
- AMICIA: Alright.
(THUNDERING NOISE)
- MÉLIE: Let's go.
- ARCHER: Wot?
- MÉLIE: Be careful.
- SOLDIER 1: It was the hell of a fucking victory I'm telling ya.
Guyenne belongs to England again for sure.
- SOLDIER 2: Oh yeah?
Take a look out there and you'll see
that Guyenne belongs to the focking rats.
- SOLDIER 1: All you need
is a torch to get rid of them.
Bye bye, rats.
- AMICIA: Look! The pot.
- MÉLIE: Yeah.
Well spotted.
Now! Left!
- SOLDIER: We'll be careful.
You know our orders.
(DIGGING SOUND)
- SOLDIER 1: What sort of prisoner
is worth such  a high ransom?
- SOLDIER 2: Valois children.
The son and daughter of the Knight Robert de Rune.
- SOLDIER 1: The Knight of the Tree more like.
- SOLDIER 2: His fighting skills
from the time of the war are legendary.
But he's no longer in the service of King Philip.
- SOLDIER 1: It is rather odd
to be so interested in the children.
- SOLDIER 2: Why don't you
go ask the sister some questions?
She must be awake.
- AMICIA: Oh no!
- MÉLIE: Don't worry.
It was bound to happen.
Let's see...
This...
Not bad at all.
- AMICIA: What are you doing?
This is not the time.
- MÉLIE: I'm making your rescue profitable.
That's what I'm doing.
- AMICIA: What about this chest?
- MÉLIE: I saw... powder...
Probably for alchemy.
Useless.
- AMICIA: I can use it.
- MÉLIE: If you want me to open it, just say.
- AMICIA: Would you? Please.
(LOCK PICKING SOUND)
- MÉLIE: There you go.
Enjoy.
- AMICIA: Well done.
- MÉLIE: Come on.
- AMICIA: I'm coming.
- MÉLIE: Silence.
- AMICIA: Mélie, not that way!
There're loads of them.
(THUNDERING NOISE)
- SOLDIER: We're running out of bread and wine.
- AMICIA: You're crazy.
- MÉLIE: What? We got through, didn't we?
- AMICIA: Just!
(SOLDIERS PRACTISING IN THE BACKGROUND)
- SOLDIER 1: Hey kid!
- AMICIA: (GASPS) My brother!
- MÉLIE: Looks like it.
- AMICIA: Quickly.
- SOLDIER 1: Soon you'll be far away from here.
- HUGO: Amicia, where is she?
- AMICIA: The bastards, the bastards!
- MÉLIE: Calm down!
- HUGO: No, no please don't!
- SOLDIER 1: Just be thankful that you're still alive...
- SOLDIER 2: Hey! The girl. The girl!
- SOLDIER 1: Huh? What do you mean the girl?
Come on. Spit it out.
- SOLDIER 2: The girl is escaped.
The cage is opened n' everyone is looking for her.
- SOLDIER 1: Shhhhit...
Spread out!
Watch the doors and stay in your toes.
A cage doesn't just open like that!
Might be the Valois' doing.
- MÉLIE: Now's the time.
- AMICIA: Hugo, I'm here.
- HUGO: Amicia!
- AMICIA: Are you alright? Are you hurt?
- HUGO: No. Get me out, please!
- MÉLIE: We have to get that cage down.
- AMICIA: It's alright, Hugo. Listen.
My sling, did they have it when they lock you up?
- HUGO: Yes, they put it in the trunk there.
- AMICIA: Right.
Mélie, can you look after it?
(LOCK PICKING NOISE)
Finally. Now Hugo.
I need to get the cage down.
- SOLDIER: (IN THE DISTANCE) Shit, I don't believe it!
We're focked!
- MÉLIE: Fortunately, they're busy.
- AMICIA: Mélie, the lock.
(LOCK PICKING NOISE)
- MÉLIE: Easy.
- HUGO: They said someone's going to take me.
- AMICIA: It's alright, Hugo.
You're going to get out of here.
- HUGO: Amicia.
- AMICIA: Oh.
- HUGO: They said they were going to take me away.
And I won't see you again.
- AMICIA: Well, now you know it's not true.
I'm here.
- HUGO: We're staying together, right?
- AMICIA: Of course.
And we're going to go with Mélie.
She's here to help us.
- HUGO: She's a thief!
- AMICIA: And she's sorry she turned us in earlier.
Aren't you, Mélie?
- MÉLIE: Yeah...
I'm a bad girl.
Happy now? Can we go?
- AMICIA: Take my hand, Hugo.
Let's get going.
- HUGO: Yes.
- MÉLIE: There's a way at the far end of the camp.
If you really know how to use that sling,
you better go first.
- AMICIA: Uh huh.
- SOLDIER: Still nothing.
Are you sure she didn't leave the camp?
Spread out! Split up! And search the tents.
- SOLDIER: Nothing to report from my side.
She's just a kid. She must be holdin' up in a corner.
- MÉLIE: Are you sure about that?
- AMICIA: Completely. I've had enough of running.
Come on.
- SOLDIER: Move it! She couldn't just get out like that.
(REPEATING DIALOGUES)
(THUNDERING NOISE)
- AMICIA: Do you want some more? I still have some!
Oh no.
- NICHOLAS: I paid a ransom for the de Rune children
and I have to capture them myself?
These Plantagenets are useless.
- AMICIA: He killed my parents.
He's going to slaughter us!
- ARTHUR: Mélie! Run!
- MÉLIE: Guards ahead! Take them out, Amicia!
- HUGO: They're coming.
- MÉLIE: The Inquisition?
What the hell did you do?
- AMICIA: Nothing. We didn't do anything.
They want Hugo.
- MÉLIE: It's time to get out of here.
This is our way out. Hurry!
- AMICIA: Don't slow down, Hugo. Follow Mélie.
- NICHOLAS: Amicia! Stop running! Deliver Hugo to us.
- AMICIA: I won't let him get you.
- HUGO: He's here, Amicia!
- AMICIA: I'm coming!
(NICHOLAS BREAKING THROUGH)
- HUGO: They're coming up!
- AMICIA: We don't have much time.
- MÉLIE: Through here. Quick!
Locked! Shit!
Done. Let's go.
- SOLDIER: You hear that? What the hell is it?
- MÉLIE: Archer to the left. Get down.
Done! Let's go!
That's there. That looks like a way out.
- HUGO: There's a chain, Mélie.
- AMICIA: Come on, come on!
- NICHOLAS: Break down the door!
- HUGO: They opened the door. They're here.
- AMICIA: I'll take care of them.
- NICHOLAS: There's nowhere for you to go out there.
- MÉLIE: Amicia, come on!
- SOLDIER: There! There, there! Get them!
- HUGO: Amicia!
- MÉLIE: Arthur, it's Arthur!
We have to hurry!
- AMICIA: Let's go, let's go!